Shen Tianlan, what do you mean?
This woman is too bold
The supernatural power must be going crazy
Didn't you get kicked out by your aunt?
I'm helping you.
Help me.
Or humiliate me?
Xu Xin
Have you always been so ignorant?
Yes I am cheap
It was me who rushed to seduce you
Don't look down on a cheap woman like me
Afraid of me entangling
You just want to send me with money, right?
You can do it if you don't want a house.
I can also send you money.
Shen Tianlan
Am I that cheap in your eyes?
Whatever you want.
Okay, then thank you Mr. Shen
I had no idea I was worth so much in one night
Mr. Shen Shen Shen
You might as well tell Miss Xu directly
This is the place you have prepared for him
Why should I explain it to him?
It's him who wants to misunderstand
Anyway, this woman has been pestering you
If you like her
It's better to take what you want
You think I've worked so hard
Why did you come to him?
I heard that the Xu family in Yuncheng went bankrupt
Left tens of millions of debts to the eldest lady of the Xu family
service